Letter of Contract


Residential Real Estate Sale Contract This Residential Real Estate Sale 
Contract is made by and between Mr. Giridhar Mynampati and Mr. Pritesh 
Patel The Effective Date shall be the date of signature by the later 
party to sign this Contract. 1. Property to be Sold. A. Buyer agrees to 
purchase, and Seller agrees to sell the real property and the 
improvements thereon (the "Property") commonly known as: B. The legal 
address of the Property is 34470 Scotch Ln, Unit 3, Willoughby Hills OH 
44094 C. The sale of the Property shall include the following fixtures 
and personal property associated with the Property, all of which (if any) 
are owned by Seller free and clear of all liens and encumbrances: gas 
heaters; propane tanks, including propane (if owned); central heating, 
ventilation and air conditioning equipment and fixtures; attached TV 
antennas and cables; lighting and light fixtures; plumbing equipment and 
fixtures; attached mirrors; linoleum; wall-to-wall carpet; window and 
porch shades; blinds; storm windows and doors; screens; curtain and 
drapery rods; awnings; automated garage door openers and remote control 
units; keys; attached humidifiers; attached outside cooking units; 
attached fireplace screens and/or glass doors; attic and ceiling fans; 
built-in kitchen appliances; and: D. The following items are specifically 
excluded from the sale and shall not be transferred as a part of the 
Property to Buyer: 2. Purchase Price. A. The Purchase Price for the 
Property is $250,000 dated on 08/06/2018.
The balance of the Purchase Price to be paid in good funds (certified or 
cashier's check) by Buyer on or before the Closing Date (defined below) 
is: 



Mobile Number : 503-803-6614
Email id : giridhar.mynampati@capgemini.com
